COUNTRY, COMMUNIQUE

,
,
,Pakistan,Request to enter in GSL
Japan,Amend the constitution of Japan in a manner such that the prime minister holds the power to veto any legislatures by the parliament. The Prime Minister will only be from the Martian colonists and hence any decision taken by the colonists on Mars will have to be followed by the government of Japan on earth in terms of providing resources, military and other support. A super fast hotline will be established between the two functionaries of the Japanese government so as to ensure smooth communication.
Germany,To :  The Base Commander of the Base of Germany on MARS.


Congratulations on an extremely successful setting up of the German Mars Base, and we hope you remember the instructions given by our Government for the betterment of Germany on Mars, but if in case you do not, we reiterate for you:
  				__________________

SETTING UP AND SELF SUFFICIENCY

Since, Hellas Planitia is a plain located within the huge, roughly circular impact basin Hellas, our base will be set up in the centre of this basin around 42.4°S 70.5°E.

In the Eastern Region of the basin there are features called lobate debris aprons in three craters which are actually glaciers of water ice lying buried beneath layers of dirt and rock. So we have brought tunnel boring machines to dig for this.

Germany has also genetically modified microbial organisms like lichens and cyanobacterias which will be able to survive Martian conditions, and photosynthesise in it. Since Oxygen is only a limited resource, the Oxygen generated by these organisms will later provide the base with its Oxygen. 

Later on, we will also install solar reflectors to concentrate sunlight into the impact basin. The mirror would focus sunlight onto a 3-kilometre-wide patch of Mars’s surface. This would raise the temperature in this patch to a 20° Celsius
The extra warmth would mean the astronauts would not need heavily insulated suits or living quarters, allowing them to work more easily. The extra sunlight would also boost power from solar cells. And the higher temperature would melt any water ice on the ground. This could make precious liquid water available 

DEFENSE AND EXPANSION

Germany has made a few mistakes on Earth. We will not make similar mistakes on Mars.
Mars is a blank slate for Germany, so we send our rovers to ‘survey’ the territory around our base and demarcate our area of control by sending rovers. We want to make sure that land will not be stolen from us.
As of now, this aforementioned Area of control refers to blocks [5,5] [5,6] and we will soon expand from here.
We will also be putting land mines on the boundary of this area of control.

We have planned to take advantage of the large depth of the Hellas Planitia. Since it will be difficult for our rovers to go into and out of the crater, we have taken along a Tunnel Boring machine, which will give rise to a set of secret underground tunnels as planned by the German Government. Moreover, German rovers will be equipped with drilling machines to use if ever needed. This set of tunnels will be used for reconnaissance and ‘strategic’ purposes. The co ordinates of these tunnels will soon be sent to you.

The area around the rim of the crater will be fortified, and provided with Anti-missile mechanisms for the security of the Base. Due to the depth of the crater, the base will be surrounded by think walls and hence extremely secure from external reconnaissance and aggression.
  			___________________________

Lastly, I hope the nuclear fusion reactor has been received safely at the base. We  plan to use them for energy and if need be, ‘miscellaneous’ purposes.

India,Being located on the caldera of the Alba Mons which is an active volcano. Hence we have set up 3 geothermal plants, to lessen the threat of nuclear weapons in any case due to the existence of dual use technology and will be willing to share this energy with other nations on some conditional terms.(open)
Russia,Establishing a Hyrdolysis Plant on Algyre Planitia to establish power

We will use hydrolysis to separate out the Hydrogen and Oxygen atoms from H2O molecule which is found abundantly in our land deep down the ground. Using this we will be setting up a Power Plant which would use Hydrogen as the main fuel to meet the energy demands of not only Russia but also other countries. We would do this by selling the energy to them. The oxygen atoms separated by hydrolysis would be stored for emergency purposes. 
Russia,Using Sulfur and Iron 3 Oxide to produce Energy, Fertilizer and Manure to enhance Agricultural Produce on our Mineral rich land.

1)Using Iron Oxide for Energy purposes - We will be using the mineral ‘Iron 3 Oxide’ and ‘Sulfur’ abundantly present in our land to generate power and fertilizers. Several other phases have been identified or claimed. The â-phase is cubic body centered (space group Ia3), metastable, and at temperatures above 500 °C (930 °F) converts to alpha phase. It can be prepared by reduction of hematite by carbon, pyrolysis of iron(III) chloride solution, or thermal decomposition of iron(III) sulfate. The epsilon phase is rhombic, and shows properties intermediate between alpha and gamma, and may have useful magnetic properties. Preparation of the pure epsilon phase has proven very challenging due to contamination with alpha and gamma phases. Material with a high proportion of epsilon phase can be prepared by thermal transformation of the gamma phase. This phase is also metastable, transforming to the alpha phase at between 500 and 750 °C (930 and 1,380 °F). Can also be prepared by oxidation of iron in an electric arc or by sol-gel precipitation from iron(III) nitrate. Additionally at high pressure an amorphous form is claimed. Recent research has revealed epsilon iron(III) oxide in ancient Chinese Jian ceramic glazes, which may provide insight into ways to produce that form in the lab. 

2)Using Sufur for producing Agricultural Produce- Sulfur is increasingly used as a component of fertilizers. The most important form of sulfur for fertilizer is the mineral calcium sulfate. Elemental sulfur is hydrophobic (that is, it is not soluble in water) and, therefore, cannot be directly utilized by plants. Over time, soil bacteria can convert it to soluble derivatives, which can then be utilized by plants. Sulfur improves the use efficiency of other essential plant nutrients, particularly nitrogen and phosphorus. Biologically produced sulfur particles are naturally hydrophilic due to a biopolymer coating. This sulfur is, therefore, easier to disperse over the land (via spraying as a diluted slurry), and results in a faster release. Plant requirements for sulfur are equal to or exceed those for phosphorus. It is one of the major nutrients essential for plant growth, root nodule formation of legumes and plants protection mechanisms. Sulfur deficiency has become widespread in many countries in Europe. Because atmospheric inputs of sulfur continue to decrease, the deficit in the sulfur input/output is likely to increase, unless sulfur fertilizers are used.
China,Creation of a terra-forming machine, named the IS1, that can transform the terrain of a specific glacial region on Mars by using electric currents for generating heat. The use of probes and drilling equipment will also help penetrate the ice and give access to the land below, thereby offering a possible medium for cultivating food resources. The base should communicate with the Chinese government on Earth to further scientific advancement in an accelerated timeframe. A prototype should be functional within 6 weeks.  
Japan,Establish Japan Martian Observatory which will be responsible for surveying and mapping the whole of Mars and also to explore new minerals and elements which may be present in Mars and invent the required technology to drill the resources and maximise its efficiency. These operations will be carried out by secret, confidential laboratories under the ground.
France,This is a closed communique--

To : Chef d'État-Major de l'Armée de Terre (Chief of staff for army France) General Jean - Pierre Bosser

From : The French Delegation (MARS)

The message will read : 

The central military command needs to be established on Mars. The General with overall on Mars will be General Jaques Clouseau. The rest of the officers and the chain of command will be decided if and when the larger part of the Martian army is sent to Mars. In order to build the military base on Mars a Mining and Construction Department (MMCD) (a department of the army) will be must be sent up to Mars to begin construction work. Another department of the army The Martian Engineering and Science Department must be sent up to operate the machinery etc.

The Martian Mining and Construction Department (MMCD)

  - For all practical reasons this department must also be under the armies control
  - The MMCD will be headed by the prominent engineer who has agreed to join us on Mars
  - The MMCD will be a sub - division of the ESD since most of the work will be carried out by machines
   - The following machines must be sent from earth in the following quantity and must be of the following type :

	i) TT2B construction type - These machines are given plans to make buildings
				        Hence engineers, though not to many will be required to input 				        the designs for the construction and using the construction 					        material the machines automatically.

	ii) VZ - 15 mining type -     These mining machines accept coordinates and a designated areas and systematically mine in these areas to look for valuable minerals
These machines are fitted with X - ray crystalline analysers 					     which can identify minerals and substances by taking a small   			   	        structure and analysing it.  

20 machines of each type must be sent




 The Martian Engineering and Science department (ESD)

   - This department will be in charge of all repairs and responsible for the upkeep of all equipment on Mars.
   - You must keep in mind that engineers are of extreme importance to this mission. Since they have the knowledge of all the machines on Mars they are vital.
   - 200 engineers trained to maintain the equipment and part of the French army must be sent to Mars
  - These engineers will be split according to the equipment they have been placed in charge of
   - All these 200 engineers are vital to this mission
   - They will be divided into the different military branches equally as well as be in charge of the mining equipment etc.
   - Their ranks will also be like the militaries. The ESD will be headed by an engineer of your choice. He or she should have a lot of experience and have a substantial knowledge of the equipment on mars
   - The engineering department should be sent within three days



The rest of the departments should be sent up later and will be detailed in another message

Iran,Open Communique

From : The Delegation of the Republic of Iran on Mars
To : The Government of Iran on Earth

In the name of Allah the most benevolent and merciful,

Taking into account the preposterous action of Qatar (the assassination of His Excellency Ra'isjomhur-E Iran), the Delegation of Iran on Mars instructs its Government on Earth to reposition the target of the nuclear weapon, currently being pointed at the USA, to Qatar. 
China,Use pre-existing heating coils of radius 5m to melt through the glaciers on the Planum Australe so that a probe can be inserted to determine the future course of action.  
India,To the Indian Military on Mars:
Send 500 foot soldiers disguised in the uniform of the Russian army (on Mars) near the resource base of the nation of Iran. Make sure the soldiers are in clear view of the Iranian troops and they see you as the Russian military and not the Indian military. Make sure you don't get too close and engage them in an armed conflict but close enough to make them feel threatened. Do not take any radical measures and notify us of the situation every day. DO NOT LET GO OF YOUR DISGUISE IN ANY CASE WHATSOEVER. DIE WITH THE LIE.
Peace.
India,Noticing the presence of Russian troops near the Iranian Resource base, the nation of India feels threatened for it's own sovereignty.

To the Indian Military:

Increase the number of Indian troops on the border of the home base by 50%. Stay alert. Notify us of any strange occurrences. Engage in an armed conflict with any troop if you feel that India's sovereignty is under attack. Don't take any unnecessary lives. We'll send you more orders with time. 
Jai Hind.
(closed till the russian one is not accepted by the chair)

Germany,CLOSED COMMUNIQUE

To: Base Commander Of Germany

Please send the rovers around the regions [5,5][5,6] and please communicate to us the findings of the rovers.
Russia,Sending Aluminium Chaffs

The delegation of Russian Federation would like to contact their home government to send aluminium chaffs through drones available at our space station - ' Russian Exprenande '. These aluminium chaffs will be sent to United States of Americas space station. These aluminium chaffs have a magnetic property, if left within a range of 70 Kilometers attach to the body. We will be doing the same. This will be a covert operation. These aluminium chaffs would eventually disrupt the information transferred. These chaffs tamper the wavelength and frequency of the waves travelling.
Germany,CLOSED COMMUNIQUE

To:  Head of the German Space Program

We would like you to provide us with a standard X-2099 satellite with the following modifications:

1)It should contain standard Thermal and Radiation detectors including the Geiger counter, and these equipments should be advanced enough to be able to detect Nuclear Fusion Reactors/ Reactions while orbiting around Mars.

2)The satellite should also contain a device which can detect all  3 to 300 GHz electromagnetic radiation, which is used by countries to communicate. The German Secret Agency has been able to develop decrypting mechanisms to decrypt the messages if encrypted.

We need to find out which countries have brought nuclear technology to Mars.
More importantly, Germany is only tapping communication lines for the sake of its security on Mars.
Israel,Closed Communique

From: Delegation of Israel 

To: The Israeli Commission on Extra-Planetary Action (ICEPA, established 2095 AD)

Use existing Mars rovers to begin the outward exploration of the land around the Israeli embassy. 

Additionally, send a elite regiment of troops to the Irani faction, to gain information regarding how to siphon off Iran's supplies of energy. 

This regiment should be sent just south of the Irani embassy, and must operate in a covertly, as not to alert any regional authorities. 
India,Order to the Base :

Start developing 5 one kilometer square, life sustainable habs (Basically a big tent) around the home base at a distance of 10 kilometers from each other. Set up an oxygenator (a simple device which breaks down the CO2 in the atmosphere into C and O2 to provide Oxygen). Use these habs at stations for exploration and research and militarize the borders with adequate amount of troops for solely protecting the hab just in case. Be friendly but careful with other national troops if you encounter any.

Japan,Japan has discovered a compound which becomes water on the supply of a small amount of heat. Hence, we have developed technology which makes the derivation of water from Martian plain very efficient with over 100,000 litres of production in a day. Also, effect the formation of Japanese Water Corporation which will sell water to other countries.
Germany,CLOSED COMMUNIQUE

To:  Head of the German Space Program

We would like you to provide us with a standard X-2099 satellite with the following modifications:

It should contain standard Thermal and Radiation detectors including the Geiger counter; and these equipments should be advanced enough to be able to detect Nuclear Fusion Reactors/ Reactions while orbiting around Mars.

The satellite should also contain a device which can detect all  3 to 300 GHz electromagnetic radiation; which is used by countries to communicate. The German Secret Agency has been able to develop decrypting mechanisms to decrypt the messages if encrypted.

We need to find out which countries have brought nuclear technology to Mars.
More importantly; Germany is only tapping communication lines for the sake of its security on Mars.








France,This is a closed communique

To : General Jaques Clouseau (Commander on Mars)

From : The French Delegation


Exploring the land around our base is quite important. Gaining and understanding the minerals avalible around to mine. 

Send two Mars rovers (unarmed) one to the east of the base and one to the west. Ensure that the rovers do not traverse to far from the base. The rovers should not go beyond 50 km from the base. The rovers should bring back samples from the martian soil. These samples hould be analysed and the components of the soil should be compiled so that we understand what minerals we have on Mars. A map should also be drawn up of what the rover has discovered. A report of this must be sent to the French delegation. 
Israel,Closed Communique 

From: Delegation of Israel 

To: The Israeli Commission of Inter-Planetary Action (ICEPA; established in 2095 AD)

Use the existing Israeli Mars rovers to begin outward exploration of Mars; as to begin the development of the Israeli colony. 

Additionally; send a regiment of elite Israeli troops to explore the Irani territory; who will  send information to the Israeli intelligence service on Earth that will work on how to siphon off Irani sources of energy; in order to increase Israeli resource points by taking Irani points. 

This regiment must operate covertly; just south of the Irani embassy. This must be done in order to prevent notifying regional intelligence.
China,Creation of a terra-forming machine that employs the usage of probes and drilling equipment to penetrate glacial regions. This will work in tandem with pre-existing high power coils that will be used to raise the temperature in the ice layer so that the probe can be inserted more easily for detailed mapping of the ice shelf. The terrain of a region will be transformed into a more fertile piece over a period of 9-12 weeks. A prototype of the machine names IS1 will be effective within 4-6 weeks. 
Russia,Private Communique 

The Russian Delegation would like to use it's resource points to develop a technology. Our land which is Algyre Planitita, we have spaces which have gases and minerals stored. Specifically Argon and Krypton. We propose to extract this technology and create B-75 Bombers specifically for peaceful measures ( by peaceful we mean for defensive purposes ). This technology would be in tandem with the hydrogen produced in our Hydrolysis Plants. 
Israel,Closed Communique 

From: Delegation of Israel

To: ICIPA (established 2905 AD) 

Use the Israeli drills on Mars to begin the extraction of Irani oil; and commence the covert transport through Israel's recently developed Power Pipes. 

This should decrease Iran's resource points and transfer them to the disposal of the Israeli forces. 


USA,From: The delegation of USA
To: John lennon, General Commander of Mars.

Sir, 
Activate the A1, A2 class stealth UAVs tasked for reconnaissance on. 
Do activate Quantum stealth technology to make sure that countries with ‘different’ interests don’t get a whiff of what we are trying to do. 
Your task shall be two fold.
a)To scout mars and recon enemy territory.
b)To use specialised SONAR and hypersonic technology to create a 3 dimensional virtual image of the Russian base.

Task (a) shall be carried out by 3 stealth UAVs which shall circle from the United states base first to the Brazilian base taking high resolution images of Syrtis Major Planum; which will carry out its mission from thereon to the southern outer skirts of Highland Unit. From here the 3 UAVs shall split into 3 and shall briefly triangulate the lower basins of Argyre Planitia to check whether any rumoured minerals are being extracted in progress by the Russian federation. One of the A1 class drone is instructed to use wave technology to try and construct a virtual 3 dimensional copy of the Russian base. After this the drones shall recon from the north-eastern side of Vastitas Borealis from where it shall follow a straight line formation to recon the north korean, pakistani and Qutari bases. The drones shall not circle the Indian Base so as to save time and shall take an arrow formation to recon the iranian base through the arcada and planitia plains and back to the American base.

Task (b) shall be carried out by the same team of drones which is sent for task (a) noting the time crunch we have to gather this information. One of the UAVs are of class A1 which is a specialised UAV which is equipped with hypersonic and sonar technology modified and coupled with a high resolution 3d simulator.

Israel,Closed Communique 

From: Delegation of Israel 

To: Israeli Commission for Inter-Planetary Action (established 2095 AD)

Send a regiment of troops to begin the extraction of oil from the land South-West of Qatar; similar to that sent South of Iran. 

This should add to Israeli resource points as well, to the expense of Qatar. 
Japan,CLOSED COMMUNIQUE 
Japan forms a special squad, made of researchers and a well defended military group of 100 soldiers to explore; discover; and recognise the resources around it in a radius of 50km. These resources should be utilised and exploited in the most discreet manner. These resources mainly include mineral resources and water.  
USA,Closed Communique
From: The delegation of USA
To: John lennon; General Commander of Mars.

Sir;
Activate the A1; A2 class stealth UAVs tasked for reconnaissance on. 
Do activate Quantum stealth technology to make sure that countries with ‘different’ interests don’t get a whiff of what we are trying to do. 
Your task shall be two fold.
a)To scout mars and recon enemy territory.
b)To use specialised SONAR and hypersonic technology to create a 3 dimensional virtual image of the Russian base.

Task (a) shall be carried out by 3 stealth UAVs which shall circle from the United states base first to the Brazilian base taking high resolution images of Syrtis Major Planum; which will carry out its mission from thereon to the southern outer skirts of Highland Unit. From here the 3 UAVs shall split into 3 and shall briefly triangulate the lower basins of Argyre Planitia to check whether any rumoured minerals are being extracted in progress by the Russian federation. One of the A1 class drone is instructed to use wave technology to try and construct a virtual 3 dimensional copy of the Russian base. After this the drones shall recon from the north-eastern side of Vastitas Borealis from where it shall follow a straight line formation to recon the north korean, pakistani and Qutari bases. The drones shall not circle the Indian Base so as to save time and shall take an arrow formation to recon the iranian base through the arcada and planitia plains and back to the American base.

Task (b) shall be carried out by the same team of drones which is sent for task (a) noting the time crunch we have to gather this information. One of the UAVs are of class A1 which is a specialised UAV which is equipped with hypersonic and sonar technology modified and coupled with a high resolution 3d simulator.

France,This is a closed communique----

FROM : The French Delegation (MARS)

TO : Chef d'État-Major de l'Armée de Terre (Chief of staff for army France) General Jean - Pierre Bosser


SUBJECT : Martian Army


The message will read : 

In order to establish a well secured and stable colony on Mars an army of a considerable number will be required on Mars. This message will provide you with specific instructions to deploy French soldiers, artillery and tanks on Mars.This must be a joint effort by the Air Force and Army, as our internal coordination is of utmost importance. If the navy is required their chief of staff will be informed as well.

The Martian army will now be a separate division of the French army. It will still be under your command however it will have its own commander on Mars and will report to us, The French delegation and send a report to you. However, overall command should lie in our hands for practical purposes. The commander on Mars will be General Jaques Clouseau

The army will be divided into the following divisions:

The Martian Ground Forces (MGF)
The Martian Air Force (MAF)
The Martian Artillery and Tank Division (ATD) (sub - division of the MGF)
The Martian Drone Unit (MDU) (sub - division of MAF)
The Martian Communication Department (MCD) 
The Mars Mining and Construction Department(MMCD) 
The Mars Engineering and Science Division (ESD) 


The order of command and hence the positions (private, sergeant, etc) will remain the same. However a Field Marshal appointed by General Clouseau will be in charge of the MGF and all its sub - divisions. He will also maintain control over the ESD,MMCD and MCD. The MAF will be under the control of a Marshal of Air force, appointed by General Clouseau. He will also maintain control over the MDU.

The Martian Ground Force - MGF

  
   - A certain number of soldiers are already present on Mars
   - In addition to these troops 350 troops must be sent from earth to Mars
   - These troops should have been previously trained to operate unmanned tanks and of course for ground combat
   - These troops must be mobilised and sent in one week (a different time period for other machines etc.) days to Mars
   - These troops will be divided into the following divisions according to what weapons they have                     been trained to use :

                i) electromagnetic rail guns - 4 divisions (25 soldiers each) (The 1st,2nd,3rd, and 4th                                	       MER divisions)
 	      This will form one brigade

	    ii) Plasma rifles - 4 divisions (25 soldiers each) (5th,6th,7th, and 8th Martian rifle 		       divisions)
                   This will form one brigade

	   iii) SMAW - NE 55x rocket launchers (Fire rockets which do considerable damage and 	        can also fire EMP rockets which have a blast radius of around 500 m. The range is 		        around 800m - 1km) - 4 divisions (25 soldiers each) (9th,10th,11th and 12th MRD	 	        divisions).
	        This will form 1 brigade



2) The Martian Air Force - MAF

   - The MAF will consist of 75 planes
   - 100 pilots are required to be on Mars
   - These planes must be sent within 6 days
   

25 planes will be transport planes
   - These planes will be the C-55 Huron models.
   - These will be used for troop, cargo and medical transport.

ii) 50 planes will be armed fighter jets

   - 25 of these jets must be gamma ray laser jets tenth generation (Equipped with state of the art plasma weaponry laser guided missiles, enemy missile destroying system)
   - 25 of these jets must be of the TIE fighter model tenth generation (These are TIE bombers which are capable of launching proton bombs with blast radiuses of 500m and even EMP bombs with blast radiuses of 1 km) 


3) The Martian Artillery and Tank Division - ATD

   - The ATD will consist of 50 unmanned tanks in all. The tank will be remotely controlled by one soldier trained to do so.
   - The tanks must be sent within two weeks
   - The tank model used must be the M1A1(capable of firing electromagnetic slug bullets at a range of 1km) tanks and the MBT tanks (capable of firing heavy plasma guns and are equipped with two high powered lasers)

   - 25 tanks of each model must be sent.
   - M1A1 tanks - 4 divisions - 6 tanks each (1 extra since there are 25)
   - MBT tanks - 4 divisions - 6 each (1 extra since there are 25) 


The remaining divisions will not be established yet and will be dealt with in another message.

South Korea,Closed Communique

FROM: Delegation of South Korea; FCCM
TO: Gaal lee-leyo; Respected Minister of Space Exploration; South Korea.

Dear ma'am;

This is to affirm that South Korea possesses no nuclear inventory on Mars. Our weapon systems on Mars are limited to conventional ballistic missiles with targeting capable of taking out life support systems and effectively destroy bases using nothing but conventional explosives. Use of weaponry will be in self-defence of our state or her allies ONLY.

The position of our nation remains peaceful negotiation and absolutely no nuclear proliferation on Mars.

Regards;
Delegation of South Korea
Russia,The Russian Federation would like to send 2 groups of 50 military personnel each and 3 scientists each to 35 degree south - 62 degree west and 65 degree south - 35 degree west. The military personnel would also set up antenna chaffs and 3 by 5 inch cameras, to actually check that other military personnel are not crossing and coming over to our base. 
Israel,Closed Communique 

From: Delegation of Israel 

To: Israeli Commission for Inter-Planetary Action (established 2095 AD)

In the light of the closed communique sent in by the delegation of Qatar; the Israeli embassy is sending another regiment of troops ON MARS to begin the siphoning of Qatar's oil and other natural resources; in order to increase Israeli resource points. 

These troops have also been allowed to operate by the embassy of Qatar; and therefore should not be a source of conflict at all. This can allow the quiet transfer of resources from Qatar to Israel. 
USA,To:The executive board.
From:The delegation of USA.

England jointly with the United States has agreed to a joint para-terraformed base in the Elysium planitia. The base which is to be formed in the lava tubes present in the Elysium planitia will house both US and English scientists, soldiers and technology. In return, the US shall provide protection to the England base using its strategic location in Elysium Mons. 

Germany,To : Base Commander of Germany 


Fortunately, our bases are underground and will be safe from any nuclear fallout.

Furthermore we need you to take two rovers and remove ALL signs that may signify that it belongs to Germany. 

Send one of the rovers to 5,4  4,4 and 4,3.

Send the other rovers to  4,5 4,6 and 3,5.

Please report back various advantages, disadvantages and features present in those locatons.
USA,Open communique 
The nuclear blast has kick started the volcano on which the US-Canada base stood at and the volcano is rumoured to be in the next 25 minutes.

China,Usage of the radiation filter on the Chinese base on Mars. The aforementioned equipment has already been created by China on Earth in 2050 with the purpose of filtering high levels of pollution.
Iran,The Delegation of Iran wishes to develop and implement technology to protect and shield its citizens from radiation on its own and expend 10,000 Resource Points.
Canada,TO: Authorities on the Mars base of Canada.

Provide aid to North Korea in terms of the newly developed technology to help them withstand the nuclear test. North Korea has agreed to shake hands with Canada(without this being made known to the USA). A repayment equivalent to 10000 military points and 10000 resource points will be in order once North Korea emerges out of this tragedy.
China,Place anti drone weaponry and anti aircraft guns around the perimeter of the base, given the ever present threat of drone surveillance. The militarisation should only be defensive in nature. The defence system will require manual authorisation by the delegates before any drone that is detected is engaged. Instructions for further defensive militarisation will be conveyed shortly  
